this air B&B this is this is where you
come to work yes because you've been
doing is it called ADR I think it's
called ADR well yeah that's right yes
so 80 hours automatic dialogue
replacement and it's the final process
of filmmaking where we clean up the
sound of the of the picture and and so
we haven't been able to do that because
we're all in kovat and so we have made
history by by doing zoom ADR and post
with seven people in different locations
on zoom running a post operation and
they sent me a my own little ADR studio
over here which do you want to see yeah
go on yeah that's that's an ex of a tour
so this is the this the system it's a
computer and it's a mixing a little
mixer and that runs to this which is my
my little audio studio the microphone
the monitor and of course the pillows
that dead in all the bouncing sound and
usually this whole thing is covered with
a down blanket a down comforter to to
deaden the sound of the room so we get
that nice beautiful clear sound that
they can manipulate anywhere they want
no one is ever going out to work again
are they now that we know we can do it
from home buddy I will never do
disposable travel again this is the only
way you'll ever get me there unless I'm
on a vacation yeah we're never seeing
you in our studio again essentially this
it's no longer flows no time on
the show I love you guys so much it's
been a huge pleasure I'm actually
quitting acting after all this
you
[Music]